now Colima cook on my machine i cups
important person theory about hangman
but don't look at OSCON coins singing
and yeah now the money chatter mom
opinion on phone cornea daddy see me
here no ma saw another car wraps about
girls wear can't get Lincoln I need
daddy put our now don't get up
we get a lot of that in me you can put
on time don't su casa line near Dan
Kutner damn build a nice patio NASCAR
leggy or getting any Papa I'm dr. Tom do
any motto culture cuts part of me go get
me me me and when I did with the stucco
in E
yeah done in it okay guys young Koopa
like comment subscribe
the champion went to ban Collier okay
bye-bye